Meeting Title: David Bar-Aharon <> ODA - AI Introduction  [In-person]
Date: Mar 11
Meeting participants: David Baraharon, Thalia Scagliola, Jacob Hedaya, Eran Chen, Lily Golabchi

Transcript:
 
Speaker A: AI strategies and infrastructure in order to help them create many things. And this conversation is meant to hear one, what do you see is happening generally in the market? But two, what we can start with and in a way of AI systems that can help us later on, of course grow with it and continue and help us being on the wave 
Speaker B: 100%. First of all, thank you for taking the time everyone and it's good to be here. Thank you for setting this up. I'll be recording, if that's okay, the call today because I want to hear a bunch of the use cases that we have and I just want to start with AI Completely changed my life about six months ago. I was leading go to market teams for startups here in the city. Pre sales, post sales, SDR teams, working with operations, customer success, a lot of different parts of the business. And I basically had this wow moment in AI when I was able to build something internally in the Go to market team that was sold for around half a million dollars to Pepsi, something that the R and D team didn't touch at all. And it was something that we built in Go to Market. And that's when I was like, okay, there is an event happening in the world that anyone can touch these tools and it's like the imagination that we have and questions that we need to ask in order to make it actually work better, whether it's marketing, whether it's finance, whatever it may be. We opened a call IT transformation consultancy where we help different teams in a bunch of different sectors with upskilling your teams in AI transformation. So we come in, we run an audit. The audit looks like an actual voice agent that we send you guys and you talk to it for about 10 minutes. It asks you a bunch of questions and you say what a day in the life looks like. So your day in the life might be a lot on Excel and QuickBooks and all these different things that you're using. And your day in the life might be a lot more with the different marketing tools and creating decks and stuff like that. We listen to that and then we come prepared with a workshop that we'll do for you guys internally, which will basically just have a bunch of wow moments that will completely change the way you guys work. We've done this with over 20 different teams already over the past two months. And people are literally building agents themselves, completely building proposals, connecting their Claude to Excel in order to do many of their accounting tasks and different things like that. On the marketing side, there's a million different tools that exist today. That are just saving so much time. And one of the tools I'm using right now, which is a big part of the workshop as well, is called Granola, where it's recording this right now and then it becomes its own GPT. So right after that I can chat with it and all the different things that we're speaking about right now become a AI assistant that I can then create proposals from. I can then send you guys a follow up that's a lot more tailored. So all these things are just completely changed the way we worked and we teach you guys how to do that. There are other ways of helping and like building custom dev projects. There's usually a glass ceiling of where you guys can reach on AI adoption. So we do come in and we can build custom developed solutions. So that can be from. You were talking to me a while ago about the different laws that have to do with, you know, the. Yeah, the codes and stuff like that. We're gonna be able to potentially take all those different codes, look at all the different emails that have to do with those codes and different things that were approved in the past and it'll be much easier for you to approve them or make sure that you, you send that out much faster. The approvals themselves. So those are custom dev projects where I can see us helping a lot of, but would love to hear from you guys kind of where are manual tasks that you're doing today that might be hurting you a little bit, where you feel like it's keeping you in the office till late? Things that we can do much faster. And from there we're gonna tailor kind of something that will help a lot. We also lastly spoke about Clawbot and all these cool things that can help out a lot. A lot of clients similar to you are asking us to set it up internally for them so we can set up bookkeeping and we can set up all these different things that are cloud bots to just really help us with booking flights and all these different things that can help us a lot more internally. And that's also part of the offering. So high level. 
Speaker A: So thank you. That's fascinating. I think the first bit, the core business is architectural services. 
Speaker B: Yeah. 
Speaker A: But I want to put that aside for a second because that. And I won't talk about this because. But that might be more complex and I honestly, beyond what we're doing right now, have no idea what else could be done. But in our gut we understand that one day, not too far from now, a lot of the technical stuff we do as architects Somebody at the AI 
Speaker B: is going to do. Yeah. 
Speaker A: So let's put that aside for a second. Talk about the more administrative elements and what. The first thing that I think I'm interested in knowing and understanding is what components of our administration could be easily implement it and get better. And that's true for each one of these guys in here. Maybe we start there and then we can talk about the more maybe sophisticated and a little bit more kind of out there application for architecture. 
Speaker B: Yeah. So I'm not sure what the level is right now internally. So I would love to hear from you guys kind of where things stand. But I'll give you some examples of companies we're working with right now where one of them said to us they're getting about 400 purchase orders a day or order forms. They're a manufacturing company and they sell to Home depot. They get 400 purchase orders a day. There's one person sitting full time and putting in the numbers into a CRM and into an ERP that exists in the company. We created an agent that just scans those PDFs every single day and uploads it automatically. Like that solves so much time within an organization and leaves that person to do a lot more things that are more relevant. So that's just one example that has to do with, you know, collecting order forms. I want to understand kind of where you guys, what the use case is. 
Speaker A: Manufacturing has a lot of repetitions and things again and again and again. 
Speaker B: Correct. 
Speaker A: Or service based company. 
Speaker B: Yeah. 
Speaker A: So I think it's a little different. But let's start. 
Speaker B: I think Ty, I have a great 
Speaker C: example I would love to know if you'd be able to implement. So for when we're on travels, I do very thorough itineraries and they usually wind up turning out to be like 10 to 20 pages of all flight information, all locations. He has to go to the hyperlinks to the locations, the Google Map directions. Like I link everything in in order to build that out. It takes usually 5 to 10 hours said and done with, you know, whatever event he's attending that he's meeting with. I find their linkedins, their pictures. 
Speaker B: Yeah. 
Speaker C: Is there a way to implement that into something that's streamlined? Where I can be like here is the booking reference. Can you just. Here's the template of how to make it. Can we recreate it for this current travel? 
Speaker B: That is the best use case. It's Claude basically came out. Claude is like a ChatGPT type thing. They came out with a new tool called Co work Cowork is something where you within cowork you build something called skills. A skill can be an itinerary when he travels. And that can basically mean I'm going to give you a bunch of LinkedIn profiles of people that he's going to meet with, Iran's going to meet with, he's going to be going on these dates. This is the booking information. You can even have it go into the booking.com and see the whole itinerary itself. It goes into the browser and clicks on everything for you and then say this is the output. I usually send Iran in a 20 page PDF. I wanted to duplicate that. And then it literally does that for you. And all you need to do is just say the word, you know, travel and then that's the skill. It's called travel skill or itinerary skill. So I do that for marketing on our end like we, we upload a newsletter every single week. The newsletter is finding the most up to date, let's call it AI updates that people can get from our clientele. So today Claude connects to Excel or Gemini, does this new thing and then we find applications to an everyday workforce and we send that to all of our clients. That is something that a Claude coworker is basically doing for us automatically. I tell it create my weekly newsletter. It literally creates. It goes onto a platform called Beehive which creates a newsletter, opens the link, drafts it for me and then all I need to do is just review it and press post. So like that saves me hours. 
Speaker A: What a great example for us because we do news letters manually. They take a lot of time. Yeah, it always involves imagery, so I don't know how that works, but I assume that you can drop into a folder all of the images that are relevant to our newsletter based on projects. You have a format that says here's the description or whatever and then that could be done automatically on a regular basis too. 
Speaker B: 100%. Do you guys use is your email system Outlook or is it Google Outlook? So Claude and all these tools, Gemini, they connect to OneDrive so you can say I want you to reference this folder in OneDrive and use the pictures from that folder in order to create the newsletter. That's a really easy task. And let's just say if you had to drag it in as well, that would probably save still a lot of time dragging in the photos. 
Speaker A: For example, the information draft about what is the news has to be still manually written. Let's say that we've just completed a building on 57th street and this Is the facts about the building, whatever. You still have to feed that into correct the machine. The only thing that would do for you is organize it automatically and send it. 
Speaker B: Yeah. But it could be raw data. So you can. The prompt in the first place can be. I use a tool called Whisper Flow, which is going to be a big part of. I think will completely change everyone's life here. I don't type anymore on my computer. I only speak to my computer. Emails, everything. It formats it. And with AI basically formats it exactly like a tailored email or prompt. You can basically click on Whisper Flow or type it yourself. Raw data. We just opened a new building. This is how much square footage it is. The occupancy is this much. Just give it a bunch of raw data and then say, create the workflow or curate the newsletter for me. And it will always follow the newsletters you guys have built in the past. So it will for sure save time. Yeah. 
Speaker C: So like, with, you know, like chatgpt and Claude, you can sort of train it to understand, like, how we speak about ourselves, like how Iran tends to speak, you know, so you want whatever is being produced to sound authentic to us. So you can build that also into cowork. 
Speaker A: Cowork. 
Speaker B: Yeah. Claude, Gemini. What. Whatever tool works for you. I think the. The big problem a lot of people have with AI is they. It feels like magic. Like, we. We actually think this is a real person behind the scenes that is answering these, you know, these prompts. But. But it's just a statistical model, and it works based on context. So if we don't give it enough context, we usually get very upset that this thing is very stupid. It didn't give me the right answer. You just need to give it a little bit more of a push with some context on who you guys are. And it studies the company and the output is absolutely insane. So we'll teach you guys how to do that extra step. So it's actually useful, in fact, just in that regard. 
Speaker A: Which is also. 
Speaker B: I think the. 
Speaker A: My head is feeling what can be done or not. But, you know, we had a lot of written content about who we are. I have interviews. There's. I don't know how many words and articles and whatever. Recording podcasts. I mean, there's so much material. 
Speaker B: Yeah. 
Speaker A: That they could probably articulate ideas better than I can. If you take all these together and just says, oh, we open a building on 57th Street. This is the side of the side. You touch the idea of porosity. This. Go write it as if it's us and they can do it 100%. 
Speaker B: Yeah. The goal isn't that we'll come in and you'll reach out when you want that task to be done. That's the opposite of what we want. We want to create the skills internally so you guys can have these ideas and create these things and know how to do it. There are a lot of firms that come in and say yeah, okay, you want that agent for newsletters? 
Speaker A: Sure. 
Speaker B: That's $20,000. And you want this agent for finance. Okay, that's. We prefer to teach you guys how to do it and then, and then take a step back and help you whenever you need. The whole goal of what we're doing is the skill gap. So really making sure that you guys aren't intimidated by what exists. 
Speaker D: I had a question about because for my kind of like the low hanging fruit which would ideally save one time it's review of contracts because you might get a 60 page contract. 
Speaker B: Yeah. 
Speaker D: And then I'm thinking even in terms of like information that we have, like our insurance policy and we feed that in review for X, Y and Z that it's all matching within what we need. What matching are proposal types, the terms, etc. 
Speaker B: Yeah. 
Speaker D: And give me a summary so that if there's any kind of conflict or something because I'm sure that's can be done. One of the questions is what about in terms of kind of safeguarding like the proprietary or the confidentiality of some of the information, how does that work? Does that. So is all that information within kind of our ecosystem that we actually. Or is it kind of translated back into like the bigger, larger. 
Speaker B: Yeah, great question. For all the things that are more proprietary, I would use your Copilot license. So I assume you guys already have the Copilot button over your email and stuff like that. They are enterprise grade. It's Microsoft in the end and they don't use your data to train the models. So it's secure within the tools and there's like a green V on top that you'll see in Copilot. That basically is the sign that it is secure. There's also a lot of collateral on how much they care about that. In terms of legal, we cannot afford yet a full time lawyer on retainer. So we pay someone per hour. A firm here in the city in order to save time and save money, we upload. Every time we get red lines from a client, we upload it to a agent that we built within Google that has every single contract we've ever reviewed. And all the red lines we've ever approved or didn't approve. And we basically say to it, just take a quick look. Look at the red lines. The things I've approved in the past, just approve whatever I didn't, don't approve. I send it to our lawyer. And instead of six hours, it takes them maybe 40 minutes, one hour, whatever it is. Saves a lot of time. So. 
Speaker D: Yeah, so I would love to do that, but one of the things I was thinking about is like, probably we're going to upload all of our contracts from years past. And so I just. In terms of safeguarding that information, you're saying there's a way to do it with co pilot where it's like, it's guaranteed. 
Speaker A: From what I mean, the infrastructure is. You still have to have your, like mini computers. 
Speaker B: No, you don't need that today. No, no. Copilot today can most likely, if everyone uses copilot the way they should. Can change a lot of things internally here. Yeah, 100%. 
Speaker A: So the information. Let's say the dawning is they have to load. Upload all the contracts where we're done. 
Speaker B: Upload it to where it's already in OneDrive, I assume. Correct. 
Speaker D: A lot of OneDrive is just saved locally in R in our file servers. 
Speaker B: Oh, so you have servers here? 
Speaker D: Yeah, we have servers here. 
Speaker B: Okay. 
Speaker D: And basically, sometimes some of the things, I want to actually review it at home or whatever it is, I might put it on OneDrive, but everything's here. 
Speaker B: Okay. So I think for a project like this, we would probably take 50 contracts, maybe 100. And I assume there's hundreds, if not thousands that you guys have. And we would train the agent just on those, and that would be on the drive and it would be secure. If it's in copilot, I have extreme confidence. We also usually work with IT teams when we start these things. You guys have internal IT or is IT outsourced? Outsourced. So we usually work with it and they make sure all this is secure. And our champion in most clients that we work with is the IT team. To be honest, because of that kind of worry. 
Speaker C: I have a question. So when everyone is doing their linking their agents, uploading the same different bits of information is are we ultimately all getting the same knowledge from one single source and we're sort of extracting whatever skill it has to our own benefit, or is it, you know, like whatever I'm uploading, it's sort of just mine. 
Speaker B: And. Yeah. So we can create agents that are public to the Company where everyone can enjoy an agent that orders doordash for everyone when you guys want. But that's not, you know, usually it's personal for different teams. And if there's a finance agent or something that you guys would want to build to make things easier and you don't want that information to be shared with everyone, we can set guardrails so that stays within each team. That's a question that probably comes up the most in terms of like making sure that no one sees everything in the company. 
Speaker A: What about accounting? What are the things that you spend a lot of time in and maybe could be automated? Right. 
Speaker E: So accounting wise, you know, things are pretty much. So basically a lot of things that we're doing are same for many years. There's nothing much change on the accounting side now even. But I'm thinking about like there's a lot of different side of data that we have to combine and then send out invoices and then we have contracts from where we have to send our invoices based on, you know, the phases and, you know, reimbursable. Right now we've been using quickbook desktop version. 
Speaker B: Okay. 
Speaker E: But it's, you know, I recently am moving to QuickBooks online and they're claiming that they're, you know, the AI function of there is actually very effective. But apart from QuickBooks AI, I don't know if there's anything else that I can use specifically for accounting purpose where the invoicing process, all the bills that I'm receiving in emails and sometimes, you know, through different, you know, communication methods or something, I can put it into a system where we don't have to type, enter all the bills. We don't have to create a lot of individual invoices. We have given the contract to the system and they can generate invoices based on that, based on projection or something. 
Speaker B: Yeah. So I'll take a look. I'm pretty sure their QuickBooks has something called an MCP. MCP is like the new API. It's the way for different tools that exist today like QuickBooks, like Monday.com and all these different systems. Salesforce for them to connect to Copilot, to Claude, to ChatGPT and you'll be able to communicate with your QuickBooks in a way that's just really, really simple. So let's just say you guys just got a new proposal and you want to send out an invoice or whatever it might be, or got a signed contract. You can just write the details within your chatgpt and say create an invoice and upload it to QuickBooks or send it to this email and it can probably do those things pretty quickly. That's on the just speaking to your data. Do you use Excel on a day to day like that, the platform? 
Speaker E: Yeah, I mean for reconciliation for a lot of things, but mostly majority of things I'm trying to do it in QuickBooks Excel. Okay. But yeah, budgeting and cash flow wise, that's all done in Excel. 
Speaker B: So I'm not sure if you played around with Excel connecting to Claude, but I can't, I don't even want to show you guys everything right now because that I really think will be very impactful for you. Claude is completely beating the entire industry right now and they've created a system that sits on top of your Excel. So while you're on Excel there is a little chat on the side with Claude and it is, it could basically do everything that, that you want it to do for you. You can build financials, accounting, payroll, everything that you can think of. Vlookups like any, anything that you can think of is done automatically with cloud. 
Speaker E: So it will be linked to the Excel. And all I have to do is 
Speaker B: just put the information in that you ask a question. So you can say a task that I'm not sure what you know, you, what the tasks are day to day, but you can say I need to look at payroll. Is there any discrepancies between payroll and whatever you know the prompt may be and it will literally look at the data as a source of truth and give you all the answers right away. 
Speaker E: Okay. And a lot of like quickbook information that can be translated into Excel and you know, because a lot of data is in QuickBooks. 
Speaker B: Yeah. 
Speaker E: A vendor details is in QuickBooks. If we need to reconcile that thing, we have to transfer that into Excel and then Excel will take care from there onwards. 
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah. I'm pretty sure that on both ends we can use, we can use AI either through the MCP of QuickBooks within your native, you know, tool. It could be GPT Copilot or whatever and then just on Quick, on Excel itself we should definitely have Claude or another one. 
Speaker D: Like let's say if we upload all of our contracts and all our proposals and essentially sometimes within our proposals, not only extracting the fees, but then sometimes extracting like certain terms about reimbursements. 
Speaker A: Yeah. 
Speaker D: Percentage. 
Speaker B: Some. 
Speaker D: Some is like we have 10% something, 15% something. Like let's say we, we do that then basically if Harun was to ask, okay, Give me a list of over projects. What is the rate? What is the fee? What is the percentage in terms of reimbursables? All this stuff you're saying you can just generate that from all the content, 
Speaker B: that it's like 1000%. I'll be super honest about things I feel not so confident about. This is really scary what it could do. Like, it's. It's very, very impactful on other things. I would say, you know, for it to give better advice on architecture than you. Like, I would not. I never say. 
Speaker D: Yeah. 
Speaker A: One other thing is it takes us a little while to price projects. 
Speaker B: Okay. 
Speaker A: But we do have a methodology. We have two ways to price fee, three ways to price time and resources, percentage, whatever. 
Speaker E: Whatever. 
Speaker A: That could be very easy to generate proposals like this based on. This is the size of the project. This is the program, this eta. 
Speaker B: Yeah. 
Speaker A: This is what we need to do. 
Speaker B: Boom. 
Speaker A: Here's the three ways. 
Speaker D: There's so many things I would like to do with that. Like even, like give us all the, you know, fees that historically within this typology from all of our contracts. Can you actually set up based off of typology, Size of scout. 
Speaker A: Yeah. 
Speaker D: See how it actually progress over the years. How do we actually, you know, see, like. But creating all of these charts and stuff, basically, that would be another thing. 
Speaker A: Right. Because it's also a potential resource for mistake. Like we. If we do it manually and we do a lot of proposals every week, we might make a mistake and then our feelings. 
Speaker D: Or how does it. 
Speaker A: How does it compare? Compare the structure of the proposal we did from a flower to the project here to one hotel. Boom. 
Speaker B: Yeah. If it's things that are like, you know, I have a feeling it's this and it's really judgment. I would say AI is not necessarily the thing to use. If it's things that you say, there's three ways that we look square footage, the amount of material. Exactly. 
Speaker A: You can get the facts and then you apply judgment. Yeah, I hate this client. I want to add another 20%. 
Speaker B: Exactly, exactly. You can do that as well. But that's the type of things if. If their context exists and the data exists from before and you guys have repeatedly done this, we can build a lot of things that can make it much easier. 
Speaker D: That's great. 
Speaker B: That's like the train of thought you should always have. 
Speaker D: Yeah. 
Speaker F: It could feed off both your internal 
Speaker B: data 
Speaker D: compared to the market clients telling 
Speaker F: you the budget's this deflating it. They're assuming you're going to do a percentage of construction cost. This could compare to current construction location of the project and spit it back to the hill. 
Speaker A: Maybe you could even do a comparison of pricing between the top architectural firms in the world. I don't know. Some of this information exists on the web. 
Speaker B: If it's public. Yeah, well, we can get, we can get anything. 
Speaker D: The other thought that I had is that for every project that we have on construction or that we've gone through construction, we have all these requisitions from the past which actually show construction cost, fee, like cost broken down in terms of each trade, etc. 
Speaker B: Okay. 
Speaker D: And I always thought like, okay, it'll be great. It's like we've probably built over, let's say 80 buildings already. Like extract from all these requisitions and we have, these are hundreds and hundreds of pages of like extract from, you know, these requisitions. Like all the, you know, costs based off of each trade. Yeah, like, and what is the percentage of each trade typically based off. Off of the overall construction cost? And then even preemptively for us in terms of designing for a budget, we'd be able to actually understand. Okay. The percentage breakdown typically within this typology. This typology, this typology and feedback into how we actually think about. 
Speaker B: Yeah, everything you're saying is possible. It's giving you guys the confidence that it's possible to build these things with the tools that you guys already have. And then we can get creative with all the fun things. He can wake up in the morning, get an executive briefing of all the proposals that were sent out that week and he reviews them, gives. We can think of so many things that are fun to do. 
Speaker D: Derivative on top of derivative. 
Speaker B: Exactly. But always think, do I have the data? And is this something that is repeatable that I've done manually, that I can just now teach a tool to do and make it into a skill? 
Speaker E: I think the way he's mentioning about the Excel, doing most of the things a lot of our projections and stuffing is done on Excel that could actually help us a lot, save us time on that one. 
Speaker C: Also. 
Speaker D: I think pretty soon we're all going to be out of the job. 
Speaker B: So that's the thing. So I have a lot of thoughts, I have a lot of thoughts on that. The majority of the companies that we work with are family owned tech stuff, style, traditional businesses, manufacturing, where people have been working with their family members for, you know, 40 years. And you walk in and that's, it's something that comes up a lot. People get Scared, they think that's it. It's going to completely replace everyone. The whole goal and what we're doing is to upskill people so they become better at their current job. And it's in no way, shape or form we're ever going to be showing something like, yeah, this replaces you and now you don't need to do it. Like it's the opposite. 
Speaker D: I heard somewhere it was like it's going to be the competition. It's going to be people versus people who augmented with using AI. 
Speaker B: Exactly, exactly. 
Speaker D: Yeah. 
Speaker B: So just use these things to become better, basically. 
Speaker A: So there's a lot to discuss, but I want to spend a little bit on architecture in general. Maybe just a short description of what we do already and what I'm interested. Which situation seems to be like a long term goal. To what degree AI is capable of collecting graphic information and extracting solutions from that as opposed to just words or informational numbers. Like if you upload a thousand construction document sets of drawings, can that be used by AI to generate construction documents anyway? And at some point it will happen, but is that even something that is close to. 
Speaker B: So we need to. Look, I don't have the answer now. What you showed me a while ago, which I think you are a very big part of the different prompts that we're making, the animations of buildings and the ski video and all those things, I think that's kind of where everyone in architecture is going right now or is or wants to reach that level. I'm not sure that today you can just say, hey, this is my meeting notes with a company in Dubai that wants to build a building. Create the whole sketchup for me, you know, and in all the different rooms and all the bathrooms and the size. And I, I don't think that exists today. I'm not sure you guys want that to exist today. 
Speaker A: But no, that's not what we want. But, but there's a, let's say interior design spec writing and door schedules and I don't know what else, furniture spec or whatever. So there's a lot of technical aspects that we call construction documents that summarize a lot of these kind of information that is spread around drawings either in charts or in visual drawings or whatever that takes a lot of time to compile, is opening for a lot of mistakes that are happening which cause many problems on the construction site, et cetera. So I can't articulate exactly, but what does it mean like the end, we don't need help with designing buildings, we need help with Documenting. Documenting at the end of the day is a repetitive, technical job. 
Speaker B: Yeah. 
Speaker A: Now, to what extent we can break it down into dimensioning, putting dimensions on plans or whatever, I'm not an expert in. But I guess my question is, did AI catch up with analyzing graphic information like drawings and extracting conclusions from that and then creating similar. 
Speaker B: Definitely. I would need to understand if the use case is, look at this office space. I want to understand how many sofas and chairs and tables fit in this type of location. Then it will probably give you a pretty good answer based on a bunch of other things it's been trained on. But I'm limited with what the actual task looks like. When you said doors, what does that actually mean? What does that look like? But I have a feeling that we can definitely do 30, 40% of the 
Speaker D: job, but maybe more, maybe kind of scaling back a little bit is we upload all of our drawings that we've done in the past, CDs that has code that we confirmed each other of. How does bathroom layouts, you know, based off of different FHA codes, codes in New York all look like and stuff. And basically, if we were to actually do a new building that almost like qa, QC check, or somebody in our office is really something new, did some bathroom drawings and things like that in a layout is able to actually say, based off the history of all of 
Speaker B: our documentation and the zoning of this 
Speaker D: zone, the conflicts in terms of all the, you know, bathroom types and stuff being able to actually comply that code, 
Speaker B: I would say this one might have. Might be a heavier lift. I wouldn't say it's not possible, but it might be a custom development that we would look into. I would just need to come in one day in the office, see you guys do the task once. 
Speaker A: The only thing that matters is that there's giants in the industry who are doing this. For example, a lot of the skis, they're controlling 99%. Autodesk Architects around the world, they're probably already in the process of implementing AI to their software in order to be one step ahead of everybody. 
Speaker B: Yeah. 
Speaker A: So my guess that a lot of these things are just going to be happening without us, which is going to be an industry Autodesk that is used around the country as a drawing tool. Have all the information in the world they can built in the AI tools that would make. 
Speaker D: That's part of. I mean, I remember seeing a presentation maybe four years ago from them and I was really surprised where they were saying, okay, we're going from standalone licenses to subscription model to and in an ecosystem where it's like their platform is a collection of data. And I think it's leading specifically to what I was talking about where it's like they will have all this content to pull out 
Speaker A: anything else we can think of that we could use help from. 
Speaker F: One thing that's major is our servers are just a juggernaut of raw data. There's like millions of photos, 
Speaker B: millions of 
Speaker F: drawings, such a complex tree of folders that new people have a hard time accessing and getting into. The problem we have is that there's a lot of knowledge that's spread around throughout the office or as left the office, but lives somewhere on our server. 
Speaker A: So what I'd like to do is 
Speaker F: somehow set AI loose on making that more accessible and searchable. Right now, if you wanted to search for a file or flip server, it's impossible to document the computer. If there's a language model that can scale right and point you in the right direction for something. Looking for a residential project around the size in this area. What are ones that we've done? Or more specifically look through all our images, recognize materials and details, allow it to be searching. I go on Google images on my phone and search car. Why can't I go on our server and search Hammer Bronze? Show me all the times we did implemented to finish perfect. 
Speaker B: What you're referring to is called a custom rag retrieval augmented generation R A G every time. So this call that I or this meeting that I'm recording, it's turning this meeting into a rag. It means I can now speak to it after and it retrieves all the information and all the insights and I can make it do things. We would need to make your internal database into a custom rack. That basically is what it is. I would need to know, like, does the majority of it sit on a physical server? Like an actual physical server? Okay, so that might be a project we'll need to do with it. It's a little bit of also of a heavier lift given that there's so much data and you don't want it to hallucinate too much. You don't want it to just bring back a bunch of things that aren't, you know, relevant. You need to index each thing. There's some work that goes into that. I would say that similar to how companies move from infrastructure and servers to customers cloud, the next revolution in AI is being able to speak to your data. It's called being AI ready. And doing that is actually being able to speak to your Servers and to every picture, every email, everything that's ever been sent. And upon that you can start building agents and stuff like that. So it's also a common use case, but it's a bigger lift. Yeah. 
Speaker A: Okay, that's a lot. I suggest we now go back to reality for a second. I think that you have to start somewhere and we're definitely interested. I mean, we'll talk about it internally, whatever. But I think that what I'm interested in is starting the process so everything we talk about starts to become normal. Understandable. We get used to it, we have a chance to test it. Do we like it? We don't like it. What does it do? And then keep on growing on that. I think that there's a number of individuals can be involved with that process, which is also great. They can understand how it works. So what would you recommend be the next step, the first step? And how do we go from here? 
Speaker B: Perfect. So we would probably do it could be in this room or anywhere else in person formatted training session it's about 90 minutes. The first one will be, let's say a little bit more theoretical with this is what exists on the market and a bunch of cool things that you can get out of AI today after we interview everyone with a voice agent to see where everything stands. So a lot of the use cases you guys gave me today is already gold and I can build the first workshop just on that. The second workshop will be hands on. This is how you build an agent and actually do these things. I think we would need if you can bring a team of 15 to 20 people, that would be ideal. If you want to split it up to every single person in the company doing this workshop, then we can split it up to different teams. But I think starting with 15 and seeing how much it's changing things internally is definitely a good start. 
Speaker A: So we do a workshop. We feel we send us the sort of the voice instruction we have to fill out and then based on those things we identify projects and then we. 
Speaker B: Yeah, so we send you like a custom cheat sheet of all the use cases that you said that you want to actually implement and we teach you the steps of how to do them so you can try to do them yourselves and do it internally. Of course there can also be just. We'll be your AI team and there's a retainer that will come in and whenever you need a big project, we'll implement it for you and we'll do all of that. 
Speaker A: How difficult it is and how time consuming is to implement the task. Let's say whatever. Let's say, let's choose your. 
Speaker C: Send examples. 
Speaker B: 40 minutes, you're. You're done? 
Speaker D: Yeah. 
Speaker B: Wonderful. Yeah. 
Speaker D: You're saying that she would be able to actually create that? 
Speaker B: Yeah. No. 40 minutes to create the skill for it. To get it right. 
Speaker D: Yeah. 
Speaker B: We'll test it a few times. We'll see what's working. 
Speaker D: And then you would actually, after that 
Speaker B: you just say travel and it's done. It would be ready in 30 seconds. Yeah. 
Speaker A: But you created. She doesn't create. 
Speaker B: We would love for the team to create internally, but. Because that's the goal. But if. 
Speaker A: Is it complicated? 
Speaker B: No, no. Like we would teach you how to do this. What you guys are doing today is for sure more complicated than creating agents. Like it's 100%. Using Excel is for sure more complicated than using it. 
Speaker F: I've done something similar. I mean, more reactively. I had to do CA on a project. Don't have it if I do it. I made an agent that helps me do ca where I feed in information specifically for a project. I give it information about what my role is supposed to be in the project. 
Speaker B: Yeah. 
Speaker F: Scours through it, gives me responses and helps me, you know, understand the data and respond. 
Speaker B: Yeah. 
Speaker A: You have that already. 
Speaker B: Yeah. This is with GPT Gemini. 
Speaker A: With. Gemini. 
Speaker D: But this is what you started to implement and then they rolled out for Mayflower. Is that within dropping in submittals? 
Speaker F: Yeah, draw submittals and there's the project specification. It looks like the submittals. Is this match of what it's supposed to match with? 
Speaker A: Yeah, it happens already. 
Speaker B: I don't know. 
Speaker D: We tried and it's like rolled it out on Mayflower for now to see how effectively this specific to specifications. 
Speaker A: Okay. 
Speaker B: We. We want this to. Sorry. Please finish out. You didn't. I was saying like how. 
Speaker F: How much beyond is this is the skill sets that you bring to the table than things that. Some of them are even insulated. 
Speaker B: Yeah. I'm sure there's things that we can teach you that maybe you're not doing already. Connecting tools. So a bunch of different. If you have a CRM, if you're using Salesforce, if you're using different things, connecting that to your tools that you have today and giving it better context to do the tasks and creating skills on Cowork. I'm not sure if you're doing that already, but that's a very big game changer. I want you to treat this as a. As if I came in the 90s and said this is a new thing called the Internet. Like you need to learn how to use this and it needs to be. You have to. And you wouldn't want 100%. 100%. So this is the goal, is teaching you how to do step one. Of course, when you need someone to build a really good website, there used to be agencies that built you your website and it still exists. But it's getting easier to build websites today on your own. So we're giving you that first layer which gets everyone fluent in AI and then from there we can get creative. Yeah. 
Speaker A: Out of curiosity, so how do you. Because you're so embedded in that AI thing. 
Speaker B: Yeah. 
Speaker A: How quickly would it be before most of the jobs in the market are going to be replaced by AI? 
Speaker B: It's a tough one. I think the next two years is going to be really interesting. I, I think the bigger problem is not replacing. I think the bigger problem is the gap of how much is advancing and how, how much it's difficult to keep up. Yeah. Every week there's a new update that comes out that is as big as Excel being adopted in the 90s like that. That is there are still people who send people out to do courses in Excel till this day, 30 years later, 40 years later. And every week there's a new feature on ChatGPT that we don't even know about that is as impactful to our organization. So I don't think it's going to be that quick of just people getting fired right away. I don't see that happening. The direction we're going is that these clawbots, the new things that just, you know, came out, probably all the big companies are going to come out with that soon. So Microsoft, Claude, Anthropic, ChatGPT, they're all gonna come out with their own version of Cloudbot and that's gonna literally, you're gonna have 50 Cloudbots in this office. 
Speaker D: So can I ask you a question about this? Because Claude is like similar to ChatGPT where it's like. 
Speaker B: Yes. 
Speaker D: The CloudBots that you're talking about is that. What is that relative to. 
Speaker A: Yeah. 
Speaker B: So cloudbot is an open source project that has nothing to do with Claude. It actually just changed to name. 
Speaker D: The name is somewhere. Change the name Multbod. 
Speaker B: And then Open Claw, I think is the OpenAI just hired the person who invented it and they're going to roll it out within ChatGPT soon. So that's going to be probably available in the next month or two. You're going to have AI assistants and Employees that you can have do things for you. So I think that will happen before people will just be replaced the skill G 
Speaker A: sit there in their computer and start building their own agent independently. 
Speaker B: Yeah. 
Speaker A: And it's going to be a freaking mess. 
Speaker B: There's going to be a learning curve. It's going to be a bit painful in the beginning, but I think the ideal is that you'll have one person that's managing five to 10 agents doing a bunch of different things for them, and just every person is a lot of agents. 
Speaker A: Every person will have a lot of agents. 
Speaker B: Yes. Yeah. You'll have a copywriter, you'll have a content creator, you'll have a newsletter creator. Like that. That's the ideal. Yeah. 
Speaker C: So can there be like, for the architects out there who, you know, need to follow like a certain standard or whatever it is, can there be sort of just one bucket of agents that, you know, you can only use these for X, Y and Z tasks. And if you need a task, like sort of top your way and like. Yeah. 
Speaker A: You need a gatekeeper because otherwise it's going to be a mess. People are going to start making their own. 
Speaker B: Yeah. 
Speaker A: Tools to do stuff. 
Speaker C: Like if you're making your own agent, like, you need to get, you know, like approval for your love or somebody. 
Speaker B: Yeah. Something big that happened. We worked with a brokerage, 200 employees. We sent out the. The survey and 99 of them said that they use their personal credit card to pay for chat GPT, even though the organization pays for copilot, which is secure and enterprise. And they. We send that to the CEO. He almost passed out on the fact that all the data is being sent outside of the company to ChatGPT and they're using their personal credit cards. So just that like the survey, we're probably going to find out a lot of cool things and it's just going to make everyone better. So, yeah, it's going to be good. 
Speaker A: I just upgraded my Claude today. 
Speaker D: Yeah. 
Speaker B: Okay. 
Speaker A: So I'm going to try and cancel it. 
Speaker B: No, no, no. Everyone needs a claud in this, in this organization for sure. I, I'm very bullish on Claude. I think they're going to win the race right now also. Gemini is very, very good, but at the moment, Claude is beating everyone. 
Speaker A: What's the other thing? 
Speaker F: There's a front run. There's a new front runner every few weeks. 
Speaker B: Exactly, exactly. 
Speaker F: And you have to like, switch platforms. 
Speaker B: Yeah, I use everything. 20 bucks seat. Yeah, it's all of them. Yeah. They, they get to the same level ground with a week after the other, so just use any of them. 
Speaker A: Okay? 
Speaker B: Okay. 
Speaker A: Anything else? 
Speaker D: No. 
Speaker B: I mean, we'll talk later about all the next steps. 
Speaker A: Yeah, Yeah. I think we should talk internally. We'll organize something. I think we need to jump to the cold water. 
Speaker B: Perfect. 
Speaker D: I think ultimately we'll try to get to wrong GPTs. 
Speaker B: Exactly. 
Speaker A: You can replace me. So win, win, win. 
Speaker D: I love it. All right. 
Speaker B: Beautiful, guys. Thank you for the time. 
Speaker D: Appreciate it. 
Speaker B: Thank you. 